Update add-in invocation for unified manifest (#1065)
OfficeDev/outlook-dev-docs: docs/actionable-messages/invoke-add-in.md

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://developer.microsoft.com/json-schemas/teams/v1.24/MicrosoftTeams.schema.json",
  "id": "527104a1-f1a5-475a-9199-7a968161c870",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "manifestVersion": "1.24",

  -- other properties omitted --
}
```

For this add-in, the add-in identifier is `527104a1-f1a5-475a-9199-7a968161c870`.

Next, you'll need the [`"control.id"`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/extension-common-custom-group-controls-item#id) value of the control object that defines the add-in button that opens the appropriate task pane. Keep in mind that the control object MUST:

- Be defined inside a ribbon object that includes `mailRead` in its [`"ribbons.contexts"`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/extension-ribbons-array#contexts) array.
- Have its `"type"` property set to `button`.
- Contain an `"actionId"` set to the same value as a the [`"actions.id"`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/extension-runtimes-actions-item#id) of an action object defined in the [`"extensions.runtimes"`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/extension-runtimes-array) array.

> The following shows the JSON for a extenions object that includes a control that opens a task pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following shows the JSON for an extensions object that includes a control that opens a task pane.
```
